Backend Developer


We are convinced that creativity in solving problems is essential in order to develop great software in an agile manner. We appreciate a scalable architecture, excellent programming and open-minded communication.

Work with us on a product that will be used by hundreds of thousands of football fans around the world. We create new features with great attention to detail - beautiful, simple, efficient and useful.

The data for our app is provided by a powerful, Elixir-based backend that manages the user data and takes over the real-time data processing from our data providers. A particular focus of our architecture is on the good scalability of our systems in order to absorb frequently occurring load peaks during live games and to offer our users a good gaming experience at all times.

In the backend, we rely on a homogeneous Elixir service architecture that combines all the advantages of Erlang / OTP in terms of availability, fault tolerance, stability and a mature ecosystem with one of the most accessible modern programming languages.

Your tasks:
Be part of a cross-functional team that inspires countless users around the world every day. You work closely with your teammates to learn and convey new things.

You work in a cloud-based environment with PaaS and IaaS services. You know how to integrate these services into solutions in a meaningful way.

As an experienced expert for the planning and implementation of complex software architectures, you are happy to be the contact person for your project team
Further development and maintenance of the highly scalable microservices in Elixir
Optimization of the existing operation

Your profile:
At we maintain short decision-making paths and a high level of personal responsibility on the part of team members on an equal footing. What counts for us is solution-oriented action and the fun of bringing things forward. Ideally, you have the following qualities:

You have good knowledge of at least one object-oriented or functional programming language (Erlang / Elixir, Ruby, Javascript, Scala, Python, etc.)
You have a good understanding of distributed systems and requirements for high availability
You are familiar with modern software architectures and process models in the industry
You have experience as a software engineer in agile development models (Scrum, Kanban)
You have experience in dealing with PaaS and IaaS services such as Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services
You have advanced knowledge in dealing with web technologies and in the design of REST APIs
You have a keen interest in high-performance and maintainable code
You have an open communication style in German (B1 recommended, Minimum A2) and English
You are a friend of organization paired with care, attention to detail and your own quality standards

We offer:
A friendly and highly motivated team with a flat hierarchy and quick decision-making processes: "The best argument wins!"
Fast implementation of new features
Direct exchange with the ever-growing community
Creative working atmosphere
Latest work setup (programs, MacBook, etc.)
Modern office right on the water in Dortmund
Very good accessibility by public transport
There are sufficient parking spaces and bicycle parking spaces

Further information:
Working hours: full time/Part time

We are looking for now
We look forward to your online application.

If inquiry/interested send your complete application at dkaws20@gmail.com