Frontend Developer 

We are convinced that creativity in solving problems is essential in order to develop great software in an agile manner. We appreciate a scalable architecture, excellent programming and open-minded communication.

The data for our app is provided by a powerful, Elixir-based backend that manages the user data and takes over the real-time data processing from our data providers. A particular focus of our architecture is on the good scalability of our systems in order to absorb frequently occurring load peaks during live games and to offer our users a good gaming experience at all times.

In the front end, we rely on the Flutter programming language, which combines all the advantages of availability, fault tolerance, stability and a mature ecosystem with one of the most accessible modern programming languages.

Your tasks:
Be part of a cross-functional team that inspires countless users around the world every day. You work closely with your teammates to learn and convey new things.

You work in a cloud-based environment with PaaS and IaaS services. You know how to integrate these services into solutions in a meaningful way.

As an experienced expert for the planning and implementation of complex software architectures, you are happy to be the contact person for your project team
Further development and maintenance of the existing application
Optimization of the existing operation
Working in a cloud-based environment with PaaS and laaS services
Intensive cooperation with the entire team

Your profile:
we maintain short decision-making paths and a high level of personal responsibility on the part of team members on an equal footing. What counts for us is solution-oriented action and the fun of bringing things forward. Ideally, you have the following qualities:

You have experience as a Flutter front-end developer
You have good knowledge of at least one object-oriented or functional programming language (Dart, Swift, Kotlin, ...)
iOS and Android as an ecosystem are well known to you
You have experience as a software engineer in agile development models (Scrum, Kanban)
You have an open communication style in German (B1 recommended, Minimum A2) and English
You are a friend of organization paired with care, attention to detail and your own quality standards

We offer:
A friendly and highly motivated team with a flat hierarchy and quick decision-making processes: "The best argument wins!"
Fast implementation of new features
Direct exchange with the ever-growing  community
Creative working atmosphere
Latest work setup (programs, MacBook, etc.)
Modern office right on the water in Dortmund (Near to Paderborn)
Very good accessibility by public transport
There are sufficient parking spaces and bicycle parking spaces

Further information:
Working hours: full time/part time
We are looking for now
We look forward to your online application.

If interested send your complete application at dkaws20@gmail.com